ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/pageobjects/SauceDetailPage.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.pageobjects.SauceDetailPage
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/pageobjects/CartPage.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.pageobjects.CartPage
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/tests/WeekendDiscountAcceptanceTests.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.tests.WeekendDiscountAcceptanceTests
ch/hsr/testing/unittest/assertions/lotr/LotrActorsTest.java
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.assertions.lotr.LotrActorsTest
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.assertions.lotr.LotrActorsTest$ContainsOnlySpecifiedRacesMatcher
ch/hsr/testing/unittest/heuristics/MultiplySquareRoot.java
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.heuristics.MultiplySquareRoot
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/helloworld/HelloWorldHeatClinic.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.helloworld.HelloWorldHeatClinic
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/pageobjects/HotSaucesPage.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.pageobjects.HotSaucesPage
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/pageobjects/Page.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.pageobjects.Page
ch/hsr/testing/unittest/weekenddiscount/FastNegativeTestSuite.java
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.weekenddiscount.FastNegativeTestSuite
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/extension/ScreenshotOnFailureExtension.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.extension.ScreenshotOnFailureExtension
ch/hsr/testing/unittest/testbuilderpattern/ShippingAddressSelectorTest.java
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.testbuilderpattern.ShippingAddressSelectorTest
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.testbuilderpattern.ShippingAddressSelectorTest$1
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.testbuilderpattern.ShippingAddressSelectorTest$AddressBuilder
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.testbuilderpattern.ShippingAddressSelectorTest$TestBuilder
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.testbuilderpattern.ShippingAddressSelectorTest$TestResult
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/util/DateFactory.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.util.DateFactory
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/helloworld/HelloWorldGoogleExample.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.helloworld.HelloWorldGoogleExample
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/tests/WeekendDiscountSmokeTests.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.tests.WeekendDiscountSmokeTests
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/badexample/WeekendDiscountTestWithoutPageObjects.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.badexample.WeekendDiscountTestWithoutPageObjects
ch/hsr/testing/unittest/mocking/AddressRetrieverTestBadExample.java
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.mocking.AddressRetrieverTestBadExample
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/util/FileUtil.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.util.FileUtil
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/pageobjects/HomePage.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.pageobjects.HomePage
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/Constants.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.Constants
ch/hsr/testing/unittest/tdd/romannumbers/RomanNumbersTest.java
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.tdd.romannumbers.RomanNumbersTest
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/extension/WebDriverKeeper.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.extension.WebDriverKeeper
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/util/DBUtil.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.util.DBUtil
ch/hsr/testing/systemtest/weekenddiscount/util/DBUtilTest.java
 ch.hsr.testing.systemtest.weekenddiscount.util.DBUtilTest
ch/hsr/testing/unittest/heuristics/MultiplySquareRootTest.java
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.heuristics.MultiplySquareRootTest
ch/hsr/testing/unittest/weekenddiscount/WeekendDiscountTimeSlotValidatorTest.java
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.weekenddiscount.WeekendDiscountTimeSlotValidatorTest
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.weekenddiscount.WeekendDiscountTimeSlotValidatorTest$1
 ch.hsr.testing.unittest.weekenddiscount.WeekendDiscountTimeSlotValidatorTest$TestBuilder
